Extend DAML Script migration guide (#7448)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/daml-script/index.rst

#. Instead of specifying a ``scenario`` field in your ``daml.yaml``,
   you need to specify an ``init-script`` field. The initialization
   script is specified via ``Module:identifier`` for both fields.
#. In DAML script, ``submit`` and ``submitMustFail`` are limited to
   the functionality provided by the ledger API: A list of independent
   commands consisting of ``createCmd``, ``exerciseCmd``,
   ``createAndExerciseCmd`` and ``exerciseByKeyCmd``. There are two
   issues you might run into when migrating an existing scenario:

   #. Your commands depend on each other, e.g., you use the result of
      a ``create`` within a following command in the same
      ``submit``. In this case, you have two options: If it is not

>       important that they are part of the translation, simply split

Reviewer: Is that what you meant?
```suggestion
      important that they are part of a single transaction, split
```
Also, words like "simply" are a double-edged sword. People who don't immediately get what you mean might feel insulted.

      them into multiple calls to ``submit``. If you do need them to
      be within the same transaction, you can move the logic to a
      choice and call that using ``createAndExerciseCmd``.

>    #. You use something that is not part of the 4 ledger API command

Reviewer: I've learned to spell out small numbers.
```suggestion
   #. You use something that is not part of the four ledger API command
```

      types, e.g., ``fetch``. For ``fetch`` and ``fetchByKey``, you
      can instead use ``queryContractId`` and ``queryContractKey``
      with the caveat that they do not run within the same
      transaction. Other types of ``Update`` statements can be moved
      to a choice that you call via ``createAndExerciseCmd``.
#. Instead of Scenario’s ``getParty``, DAML Script provides you with
   ``allocateParty`` and ``allocatePartyWithHint``. There are a few
   important differences:

   #. Allocating a party always gives you back a new party (or
      fails). If you have multiple calls to ``getParty`` with the same
      string and expect to get back the same party, you should instead
      allocate the party once at the beginning and pass it along to
      the rest of the code.

   #. If you want to allocate a party with a specific party id, you

>       can use ``allocatePartyWithHint x (PartyIdHint x)``. Note that

Reviewer: The `x` has not really been introduced and occurs twice:
```suggestion
      can use ``allocatePartyWithHint x (PartyIdHint x)`` as a replacement for `getParty x`. Note that
```

>       while this is supported in DAML Studio and DAML on SQL, other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      while this is supported in DAML Studio and DAML-on-SQL, other
```

Reviewer: Thanks for double checking.

      ledgers can behave differently and ignore the party id hint or

>       interpret it another way. Try not to rely on any specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      interpret it another way. Try to not rely on any specific
```
